# COMP2000_Kiosk

This is the Github repository for the java files containing the code for my assignment project for COMP2000. This is the first read-me I have completed so I am not sure what to include. There are no external images or code imported that require appropriate credit.The completion this project has been rather a last minute dash over the last week due to the length of time it took to thoroughly examine the materials and videos provided by the tutor in relation to the MVC (Model View Controller) design pattern. Although I am left with an understanding of this pattern there remain a few grey areas and I do not believe I have fully adhered to the principles of the pattern. In the end it became a question of getting something together that fulfilled most of the assignment requirements. There are a couple of areas of functionality that are lacking. 

1. On the checkout screen I included a "Back" button that  was intended to allow the user to go back to the previous page. Despite repeated efforts this was unsuccessful and left incomplete. In a fit of frustration I deleted the code from my attempt at this functionality so I cannot get any feedback on the attempt. 

2. UpdateStockFile() method. As per the assignment brief the relevant stock file entries should be updated to reflect the customer purchase. This method call was left commented out in the cash and card payment methods with the intention of later completion but sadly insufficient time remains for this.

3. On the display areas the entire contents of the relevant line of the stock file are displayed on the shopping and checkout screens. I was unable to work out how to display just the item description and price without the stock code and stock quantity. The full details ae also displayed on the receipts outputted from the program.
